Here are all the Python scripts in one zip, plus a methods document you can also open on its own. Rather than send my working scratch files, I rewrote them into a tidy, commented set of scripts.

Running it:

pip install -r flow_analysis/requirements.txt
cd flow_analysis
python run_all.py --data ../data --out ../output

Put your 10 .fcs files and the FlowJo .wsp file in one folder and point --data at it. The original file names with "%" work fine. It takes about a minute and produces every figure (300 dpi) and four CSV tables.

Checks I ran:

I ran the scripts from scratch on a copy of your files. They reproduce the figures in the deck, with only tiny pixel differences in two charts.
The first step checks the Python gates against your FlowJo workspace. Every count matches FlowJo within 1.5%, apart from one heat-killed gate where FlowJo counts 20 cells and Python 19.

What's in the zip:

config.py holds every setting: file names, gate positions and cut-offs. To change a gate, edit this file only.
flowdata.py reads the files and applies both the original and the recommended gates.
parse_workspace.py reads the gates out of your FlowJo file and checks the counts.
figures_part1.py makes figures 1–5.
figures_part2.py makes figures 6–9 and the two supplementary gating figures.
figures_overview.py makes the first quick overview plots.
tables.py writes four tables:
Your original gating, reproduced.
Event rates per second.
Viability with 95% confidence intervals.
The dose-trend test.
extras/make_deck.js rebuilds the PowerPoint. It needs Node.js rather than Python.

METHODS.md covers each step in two layers, the technical method plus a plain-language "why". It also has a results table, the limitations, and a draft methods paragraph for your thesis.

Before you use the methods text, fill in the parts in [brackets]: the dye name, plasma exposure time, anticoagulant, and heat-kill conditions. These aren't recorded in the data files. The README also explains how to reuse the scripts for E2 and E3.